Added instructions for installing via AppImage (#4866)
helix-editor/helix: README.md

brew install helix
```

## Linux

### AppImage

Install Helix using [AppImage](https://appimage.org/).

> (For now, it is only available for x86-64 bit architecture.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The next release will include a aarch64 appimage

> Download Helix AppImage form [Releases](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/releases) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download Helix AppImage from the [Releases](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/releases) page.
```

Note : Version may change in future so run command accordingly.

```sh
chmod u+x helix-22.08.1-x86_64.AppImage
./helix-22.08.1-x86_64.AppImage
```

If the `./helix-22.08.1-x86_64.AppImage` command fails

```sh
./helix-22.08.1-x86_64.AppImage --appimage-extract
./squashfs-root/AppRun --version

# Make available globally
sudo mkdir -p /squashfs-root/helix
sudo mv squashfs-root/* /squashfs-root/helix/
sudo ln -s /squashfs-root/helix/AppRun /usr/bin/hx

> hx

Reviewer: I don't think we should advise this: isn't it one of the points of AppImages that they don't need priviledges to install or run?

Author: Yea but who like to run from anywhere in file system it would be easier. We could make optional.
